Q-1. What is Git?
Ans. So, what is Git in a nutshell? This is an important section to absorb, because if you understand what Git is and the fundamentals of how it works, then using Git effectively will
     probably be much easier for you. As you learn Git, try to clear your mind of the things you may know about other VCSs, such as CVS, Subversion or Perforce — doing so will help you 
     avoid subtle confusion when using the tool. Even though Git’s user interface is fairly similar to these other VCSs, Git stores and thinks about information in a very different way, 
     and understanding these differences will help you avoid becoming confused while using it.

Q-2. What do you understand by the term ‘VerIion Dontrol System'?
Ans. Version control, also known as source control, is the practice of tracking and managing changes to software code. Version control systems are software tools that help software 
     teams manage changes to source code over time. As development environments have accelerated, version control systems help software teams work faster and smarter. They are especially 
     useful for DevOps teams since they help them to reduce development time and increase successful deployments.

Q-3. What is GitHub?
Ans. GitHub is an online software development platform. It's used for storing, tracking, and collaborating on software projects. It makes it easy for developers to share code files 
     and collaborate with fellow developers on open-source projects.

Q-4. mention some popular Git hoIting services ?
Ans. Bitbucket
     GitHub
     GitLab
     Perforce
     Beanstalk
     Amazon AWS CodeCommit
     Codebase
     Microsoft Azure DevOps

Q-5. Different types of version control systems.
Ans. Local Version Control Systems
     Centralized Version Control Systems
     Distributed Version Control Systems

Q-6. What benefits comes with using GIT?
Ans. Revert the code files back to their previous state
     Recall and revert the entire project back to its previous state
     Compare code changes over specific durations of time
     Find who last modified a piece of code that might be causing an issue or a problem
     Who introduced a particular issue and when

Q-7. What is a Repository?
Ans. To put it simply, it is a place where all the files of a certain project are placed. It can be both, either a remote storage space or a locally accessible directory. For 
     instance, storage space in the cloud, an online host or local folder on your computer all can serve as repositories. In this particular folder, sometimes also abbreviated as
     a repo, Git saves all the files and project-related information, such as changes history.
     There are two types of repositories - local and remote. Correspondingly, there are two options to work with Git: to start an entirely new project or join an already existing one.

Q-8. How can you initialize a repoIitory in Git ?
Ans. By using "git init" Command.
