Q-1. What is a Computer?
Ans. A computer is a programmable electronic device that accepts raw data as input and processes it with a set of instructions (a program) to produce the result as output.
     It renders output just after performing mathematical and logical operations and can save the output for future use. It can process numerical as well as non-numerical
     calculations. The term "computer" is derived from the Latin word "computare" which means to calculate.

Q-2. What is RAM ?
Ans. Alternatively called main memory, primary memory, or system memory, RAM (random-access memory) is a hardware device that allows information to be stored and retrieved 
     on a computer. RAM is usually associated with DRAM, a type of memory module. Because data is accessed randomly instead of sequentially like it is on a CD or hard drive,
     access times are much faster. However, unlike ROM, RAM is a volatile memory and requires power to keep the data accessible. If the computer is turned off, all data
     contained in RAM is lost.

Q-3. Where is data stored in a Computer ?
Ans. The data on a computer can be stored in multiple ways. One way is to store in the hard disk – this is for data at rest. Another way is to store in the RAM or CPU 
     registers – for data in transit or data in use.
     Data is a sequence of characters or symbols that are stored and processed for analysis purposes. The computer data is also a stream of bits (0s and 1s) that are stored
     in the computer memory for further processing or translation.

Q-4. What is that input Device used to type text and numbers on a document in the computer system ?
Ans. Keyboad ,The keyboard is perhaps the most essential input device for a computer. It is used to enter text, numbers, and other characters into the computer. A keyboard typically 
     has around 101 keys, which include the alphanumeric keys, function keys, arrow keys, and special keys such as the Shift, Ctrl, and Alt keys.

Q-5. What are the Output Devices ?
Ans. An output device is any peripheral that receives data from a computer, usually for display, projection, or physical reproduction. For example, the image shows an inkjet printer,
     an output device that make a hard copy of anything shown on the monitor. Monitors and printers are two of the most commonly used output devices used with a computer.

Q-6. Which is the input device that allows a user to move the cursor or pointer on the screen?
Ans. Mouse, The mouse is a hand-held input device which is used to move cursor or pointer across the screen. It is designed to be used on a flat surface and generally has left and
     right button and a scroll wheel between them. Laptop computers come with a touchpad that works as a mouse. It lets you control the movement of cursor or pointer by moving your
     finger over the touchpad. Some mouse comes with integrated features such as extra buttons to perform different buttons.

Q-7. Which language is directly understood by the computer Eithout a translation program?
Ans. Assembly language is directly understood by the computer without translation program.

Q-8. What are Input devices?
Ans. An input device is any hardware device that sends data to a computer, allowing you to interact with and control it. The picture shows a Logitech trackball mouse, an example
     of an input device.